Hi everyone and welcome to UN
Architecture. I wanted to talk a little
bit about what we do here at UN
Architecture and what kind of sets us
apart from other architecture
businesses. Um we combine a lot of
modern design with um
with our natural surroundings. So we use
a lot of what is already there, hills,
um wood
kind we kind of build it into the
natural surroundings. Um we like to use
a very
energyefficient and environmentally
friendly style of design. Um, we want it
to be super functional and super
beautiful and just kind of make sure
that it's everything that our client
wants. We build it specifically to your
needs and um,
we are very client-based, so we want it
to be perfect for our clients. And yeah,
that's a little bit about